Our index.html now requires
an object with contacts on it, and
we need to create an endpoint slash
context that is a post endpoint.
So, let's do those couple things.
So I'm gonna jump back here.
I'll just use this, and
we'll go contacts, awesome.
And we render out the index here and
we have this down here.
We'll just call this currently index for
now until we can figure out
what to do with this template.
We'll create this here in just one moment,
but before we create it,
let's start by creating the contacts item,
right?
We need something that,
well, we need that.
So let's first start off with type
Contact is gonna be a struct and
it's gonna have a name that's a string and
it's gonna have an email that's a string.
And then we want to be able to have a nice
little function that say newContact.
I always like that kind of stuff,
plus co pilot can really just make
this stuff kind of fly right through.
And do we want it as a pointer?
No, let's just create a nice little
contact right here, very beautiful.
And then I also want a type Contacts that
is going to equal a array of contact, this
will make parts of things easier later on
having a nice little type item right here.
And then we also need some sort of
type data that is a struct, right?
This is just the data for the page.
I don't care what you call it, Contacts
Contact, fantastic we're moving, okay?
We're just trying to
move fast here people.
I'm also gonna have a func newData that's
gonna return out a data object and
I wanna make sure I fill it, I wanna
precede it with a little bit of data.
Because if you don't, that means
every time we try to do something,
you have to like type multiple times to
do all the stuff and it's super annoying,
it's just, I don't want to do that.
So we're gonna have jd@gmail.com and then
the next one since I'll call Clara Doe,
because if you do Jane Doe
then the emails like the same,
it's just super annoying,
so we can't do that.
There we go.
So now we have our beautiful data that has
a contact that has a couple
preceded contacts in there.
Just to go over everything we did,
we created a new contact,
which is name and email.
We have a function to create
a new contact, name and email.
You don't have to put this extra string
there, okay, okay, calm down and
let co-pilot take control.
Okay, let co-pilot take the wheel.
Next, have a little type alias for
contacts.
We have a data that just
has contacts on there, and
then we create a newData
with some preceded values.
Okay, so hopefully everyone's
kind of following along.
You should be able to
program this all on your own.
Even if you're not familiar with Go, I bet
you could probably google /copilot your
way into an answer here, not too hard.
All right, fantastic.
So we don't need Count anymore,
I'm just gonna call it data.
You know why?
Cuz I'm not good at naming things,
I've never been good at naming things.
I admit that,
I admit how bad I am at naming things.
So now we have a newData.
When we do our GET,
I'm just gonna pass in data cuz remember,
we need something with the .Context on it.
Fantastic, now when we do post a contacts,
well,
I don't really know what we
should be doing here, right?
Where should we be putting the data?
What kind of data should we pass in?
So for now,
let's just render out the index because
we don't really have a strong plan here.
And let's see what happens.
See, did I get everything correct?
I just want to make sure.
Yeah, look at how beautiful,
I used HTMX, rookie mistake right there.
Yeah, I forgot to actually
implement the post.
Let's implement the post,
probably a good idea, right?
So I want name from the form value,
I want email from the form value, and
then I'm just simply going to go
data.Contacts equals append data.Contacts,
newContacts, name and email, right?
Your classic Go code right here,
fantastic.
And now we're just gonna render this out.
So we've added the contact to the end
of the list and we're rendering it out.
Sounds good?
Awesome, did I get it all correct?
All right, so before we display all this,
let's jump over here.
I'm gonna refresh it.
Look at how beautiful this is.
We have ourselves this wonderful
modern looking form and so
now I'm just gonna type in a name and
email.
Remember, we're putting no
validation on email right now and
look at what happens
when we create a contact.
If everyone's followed
along mostly correct,
you should be seeing something
that looks like this.
So before I go on, do people need time?
Time calls?
Anybody?
You look distraught, you need time?
>> I'm fine.
>> You're fine?
You good?
Yeah, no, yeah?
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, good?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, Mark, you good?
Okay, we got thumbs up everyone,
just making sure.
Twitch, you good?
Yeah, no, yeah?
Frontendmasters.com, yeah, no, yeah?
All right, everyone says, yeah, okay,
we've got a couple of nos in there but
mostly yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, now we're getting a lot
of nos in there, I'm sorry.
Sorry, fantastic times.